for editing (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivot-totals-visibility: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E923)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Pivot Grid for WinForms - How to Customize the Popup Menu to Hide or Show Totals

> This example demonstrates how to add a new item to the field header's popup menu. This item shows or hides totals in the PivotGrid control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to add a new item to the field header's pop-up menu. This item shows or hides totals in the PivotGrid control.
```

> For this, handle the [PivotGridControl.PopupMenuShowing](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.PopupMenuShowing) event. In the **PopupMenuShowing** event handler, create a new menu item and add it to the [e.Menu.Items](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.Utils.Menu.DXSubMenuItem.Items) collection.

Reviewer: `PopupMenuShowing` is not a good name. Surely 'ShowPopupMenu' is more appropriate
